feat: Document dynamic sampling (#2954)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/data-management-settings/dynamic-sampling/sampling-types.mdx

## Transactions

Transactions can be considered either as independent events or in the context of all other transactions belonging to a trace (see TODO tracing link for more info on traces).

Sentry offers the possibility to sample transactions either independently or as part of a trace; there are different benefits for each case.

Sampling transactions using transaction traces is advantageous when trying to understand transactions in the context of the global system. In this case we are not interested in seeing a particular transaction, but the whole group of transactions in a trace so sampling should occur at the trace level.

When sampling transaction traces, the sampling rules are based on the transaction context, this means that the sampling decisions are based on the information extracted from the system that initiated the transaction.
Transaction trace sample rules are based on the following attributes (all attributes belong to the initial
transaction, the transaction that started the trace):

> * project id
> * release
> * environment
> * user segment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Project ID
- Release
- Environment
- User segment
```

---
title: Sampling Types
sidebar_order: 20

> description: "Learn more about the types of sampling available for your project."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn about the sampling types and benefits available for your project"
```

Author: Learn more about.... is the preferred expression (from what I saw).

Reviewer 2: Either is fine

---
title: Sampling Types
sidebar_order: 30

> description: "Learn more about the types of sampling available for your project."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: "Learn more about the types of sampling available for your project and their benefits."
```

2. Server-side, with dynamic sampling in the Filters & Sampling settings for your Project in sentry.io. This approach offers several benefits:

    - No need to create a new release or deployment. Update the sample rate in sentry.io, which applies immediately.
    - Holistic sample of an entire trace, as every transaction associated with the trace will be captured - from frontend to backend.

With dynamic sampling, you can add rules, sample by individual events or by entire traces. If you sample by traces, you
can sample by specific cases: release, environment, and user. Learn how to
[setup dynamic-sampling rules](/product/data-management-settings/dynamic-sampling/configuration/).

## Using Both Types of Sampling

You can use both types of sampling - configuring your SDK and setting a dynamic sampling rate - in your project. If you do so, we suggest the following:

- For applications using our frontend SDKs, send all your data without configuring a sample rate on your SDK. Use dynamic sampling as your primary sampling control.
- For applications using our backend SDKs, assess the impact of tracing on your operation and keep your client-side sample rate as high as possible.

> ## Dynamic Sampling Operations
> 
> Dynamic sampling operates on both error events and transaction events.
> 
> ## Errors
> 
> Error sampling decisions are made based on the event data.
> 
> A sampling rule is selected from the available sampling rules by going through the list of dynamic sampling rules for
> errors and picking up the first rule that matches the event data. Rule matching is described in more detail in
> [dynamic sampling configuration](/product/data-management-settings/dynamic-sampling/configuration/).
> 
> ## Transactions
> 
> Transactions can be considered either as independent events or in the context of all other transactions belonging to a
> trace, see [tracing](/product/sentry-basics/tracing/) for an in depth explanation about tracing.
> 
> Sentry offers the possibility to sample transactions either independently or as part of a trace; there are different
> benefits for each case.
> 
> Sampling transactions using transaction traces is advantageous when trying to understand transactions in the context of
> the global system. In this case we are not interested in seeing a particular transaction, but the whole group of
> transactions in a trace so sampling should occur at the trace level.
> 
> When sampling transaction traces, the sampling rules are based on the transaction context, this means that the sampling
> decisions are based on the information extracted from the system that initiated the transaction.
> 
> While sampling transaction traces gives a very good view of how transactions flow through the system, sometimes we are
> interested in analysing transactions from a particular service that happens not to be the initiator of transaction
> (e.g. a backend server). If we are interested in creating rules based on attributes specific to our service, for
> example we have a suspicion that a particular release might have some performance problems, we can sample based on
> transaction event.
> 
> Individual transaction rules are based on the transaction attributes and not on the trace context attributes and
> therefore can target individual services that are not initiating traces.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
